fix(gto): update push option descriptions (#4879)
iterative/dvc.org: content/docs/gto/command-reference/assign.md

- `--simple <text>` - Use simple notation, e.g. `rf#prod` instead of `rf#prod-5`
  [supported values: auto, true, false] [default: auto]
- `--force` - Create the Git tag even if it already exists and is in effect

> - `--push` - Push created git tag to `origin`. The value is if the `repo` option

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `--push` - Push created git tag to `origin`. Useful if the `repo` option
```

Minor, but I couldn't understand what this meant at first. I thought it meant to set the value of `--push` option to a remote url like `--push git@...`.

Author: good catch, thanks Dave. I meant actually that this option is _ignored_ if we are doing updates on the remote repo (we kinda have to push or create a tag remotely anyways). Update the text and merging, but pls let me know if I can improve anything else here.
